So...
What do you want to talk about?
I've never asked this before in my life...
I'm so nervous...
It's okay! Take your time!
Will you please...
do push-ups for me?
Of course!
Eh? Push-ups?
Can you do it now? Do push-ups.
Push-ups?
Sure.
Sweat...
Detected!
Wherever there's someone sweating,
we'll rush over!
Carrying Ice Box on my back!
And we'll swiftly set up...
Break Time!
We are...
Ice de Breakers!
You're so cool! I'm a fan of yours!
So cool...
I'm not sure what's going on here...
But let's take a little break!
Yes, please!
Cheers!
Cheers...
Whenever, wherever,
Ice de Break!
For those working hard,
they'll help out with Ice!
The Ice de Breakers
will still continue their work!
Delicious!
Yum!